Venice
With
alwine that's the name of our spd 28 we
for the august edition on heart and
have tested kidneys
very comfortable it went through the channel
Labyrinth at gray in the Netherlands
with a draft of up to 75 cm, the sp
was also suitable for shallow waters
with six knots one is at 2000
turns most economically
while we are here over 200
We will succeed in the
top speed of 7 6 knots and
3000 revolutions per minute only 86
nautical miles plus reserve the turning circle
is 15 boat lengths forward after
behind three boat lengths a special
feature of the spd is the emergency in the back the
is to a real outside
board with a lever circuit and
bow thruster control unit
converted
in the cockpit are a rudder
lay indicator for the
fuel tank as well as one for the
water tank can also be the
speed operating hours oil pressure and
Check cooling water temperature
a raymond c 70 radar as well as the
Show for deep hole lot and compass
are also available
right around the corner is located
the echoes panel in the cockpit there
two hatches under one is located
the hot water boiler and the
exhaust system and under the other of the
january four cylinder diesel engine and
if that works it sounds like that
the electrics are nice and neat
wired and slept in the v
shaped coal at ten centimeters
thick upholstery the pantry is with one
3 muddy gas cooker and a sink
equipped work surface lends itself
only a little behind the sink but man
can use the dining table
There is also a storage compartment in the
on-board wall for example for glasses one
fridge a drawer for cutlery
and a cupboard underneath
Shelves to enter the wet cell
you have to get the door from the
backside open otherwise you locked
the way
also the headroom is not
absolutely optimal
the handrail on the roof is good
reachable and the lanterns are bsh
removed
to complain about is the small
legroom on the stand and the
Wide aspiration between the windows
the pictures namely the view
here
on-line
b
to
without milk